[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
The people of Earth
are in critical need of
wise guidance from within,
as narcissism is
becoming an epidemic.
Popular culture encourages at
the least self-centeredness
in the extreme.
It's showing up as dysfunction
in families, friends, even
in governments.
But help is here.
Dr. Linda Backman
returned from Egypt
and has much wisdom to share
about these very topics.
So we need to dig
into, what is happening
that is taking us so deep into
these narcissistic tendencies?
And in fact, toxic
narcissism is what I call it.
What is happening that's
taking us so deep?
And have you been able
to see from the higher
realms' point of view?
We know social media.
We know selfies.
We know media is encouraging it.
But there's got
to be more to it.
>>LINDA BACKMAN: I mean,
what I find in my work
when I guide
regression is that we
live on a planet of
moderately evolved souls.
And only more evolved souls
see that this is narcissism.
I think that moderately
evolved souls--
it's as if the
guides of our planet
are pushing souls to evolve.
But we make the free will
choice whether to evolve or not.
And that's our responsibility.
And I hazard to say that there
are incarnate souls, people,
who aren't making those what
often are tough choices.
Evolving is not easy.
But I think that that's
what we're seeing, that it's
more about me versus us.
>>REGINA: It isn't.
And in your practice
through the years,
aside even from
regression work, am
I mistaken or has this
changed substantively?
I mean, I remember
from childhood
and growing up and
being a young adult,
people didn't behave like this.
It wasn't always about the self.
We didn't put ourselves at
the center of the universe.
You had kids.
You had family.
You had parents.
You had friends.
And now, often,
this alarming trend
is young families, parents,
cutting off complete contact
with their parents and families.
I mean, I don't understand
why the need to separate
in such a harsh and even
cruel way, which is--
and it's everywhere now.
This is very common.
I'm sure you must be seeing it.
>>BACKMAN: Well, I think
that we've advanced
so quickly with technology.
And families live apart now.
It used to be your
grandparents lived--
even in my case, my grandparents
lived two blocks away.
My aunt and uncle
lived four blocks away.
Families don't live
that way anymore.
And so we have this
technology that says,
well, I can call you
and talk on FaceTime.
Or I can visit you once a year.
But we don't have that
integrated family.
And I think there's a lot
of independence pushed
on young people to
make their own choices
and not have this sense of
responsibility, of caring
for one another.
>>REGINA: Definitely.
And so one of the
things that strikes me--
and I noticed this even in
the young women around me.
I have wonderful young nieces.
They all have little
babies and such now.
But they do not
want any guidance
from the previous generation.
They can learn it all
on TikTok and Instagram.
Everything they need to know
is provided by their peers.
So I would like to talk
about that for a moment.
What happens when you disconnect
from layers of wisdom.
Just like a forest, when you
cut down all the old growth,
those little trees do
not grow up healthy.
They don't have the
knowledge and wisdom
from previous generations.
Let's talk about
that for a moment.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
I mean, I think there's
a lack of understanding
that our parents,
our grandparents
have experience
and have knowledge.
And I don't think we see that.
Even in my generation,
we don't see that.
And there's so much--
I mean, even relationships
of our parents
and our grandparents--
not that I think divorce is
an unnecessary circumstance
for some people.
But there's so much of not
working through the issues.
And so many young
people are not being
raised by people that
are focused on family
and on raising kids.
>>REGINA: That's true.
I had a guest years
ago, André Avila.
And he was saying,
what's with you people?
He's from Italy.
In Italy, it takes a
village to raise a child.
The grandparents are there.
Yours are off renting a
condo and playing golf.
What happened to
the grandparents?
>>BACKMAN: Yeah, no,
I think that's true.
And so I see this
in our culture.
And yet, I was raised in
that old world way with--
I saw one set of grandparents
every other Sunday
because they lived
60 miles away.
The others, I would walk
to visit them every Sunday
after I went to Sunday
school and eat lunch
with my grandparents.
But I would hazard to
say that some of us--
and some of this exists in my
personal life with children
and grandchildren--
we don't necessarily live across
the street from each other.
>>REGINA: It doesn't
mean you can't be close.
>>BACKMAN: That's right.
That's right.
>>REGINA: That's what's
changed, is the lack of desire
to be close in a good
number of cases now.
And what I talked
about a moment ago,
this perception of having
knowledge because one
is flooded with imagery and pop
culture through social media
in particular, it's
just giving a perception
that they have a
lot of knowledge,
completely disconnected
from the flow
of cosmic and
generational knowledge.
And that seems to me to
be ultimately a deficit.
And also, it silos
people into a notion
that your preferences
can all be met.
You were talking
about this before.
People don't want to
face the hard issues.
So what happens when you have
clients, young clients, that
show up and like, basically,
the world is not forming itself
around me?
>>BACKMAN: Well, I mean,
I think that's part of it,
is that we make it
a "me generation".
We make it, what can
you do for yourself?
Or what kind of
car can you have?
Versus what's your
responsibility to your parents,
to your grandparents, to your
neighbors, to other people
in the world?
And so there are
a lot of choices
that are being made
that aren't necessarily
the most healthy choices.
But I think that we as the--
if I can put it this way,
the older generation,
we need to model relationship.
And sadly, I think
even a lot of adults
well into their adult
years aren't modeling.
>>REGINA: It's true.
I mean, when you look at a lot
of the movies and television
shows that come out now, the
Gen Z's are the smart ones.
Their parents are the
irresponsible, stupid ones,
their grandparents even dumber.
And that's how it's all set up.
You said "me generation".
Interestingly, the Boomers are
the "me generation," Pluto.
And so that was a very
rebellious generation.
That's when divorce started
really proliferating
and a lot of kids raised by
single parents and so forth.
And as you talk about
dealing with their parents,
dating other people,
not the norm--
the old norm of stability.
And so I think now, this kind
of toxic, narcissistic effect
of going even
deeper into me, me,
me, me, is this
something you think--
and then we're going to switch
over into the ancient cultures.
Do you think this is something
in these times that almost
had to happen to force a deep
healing, just like what you're
seeing in our governments
around the world, kind
of trying to re-entrench
in old, separatist ways?
>>BACKMAN: Well,
I know there are
a lot of teachers
who are saying,
oh, we had to hit this
narcissistic shift of we're
going to take care
of the moneyed people
and that sort of thing.
I'm not totally sure
I agree with that.
But part of that's because
what I do in my life
is guiding people to understand
who are they in their past lives
and what's their
intention in life today.
And I think what we find is that
so many people aren't focused
on how can they aid others.
It's, again, how can I aid me?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Yes.
OK.
Now, we're going to go back.
And we're going to start
looking into the souls, why
they're here.
Now, we're going to
do it through the lens
of the ancient Egyptian
culture and much
of what was left
for us from them.
You went there earlier
in this year, 2025.
So let's start
talking about what you
noticed among the participants.
Many of them, I'm guessing,
had been there before--
had lives there before.
And that was part of
their deep curiosity?
>>BACKMAN: Well, it's
an interesting question.
And one thing I noticed--
the last two years,
I have co-led with a colleague
who's an Egyptologist.
The last two years, I've
co-led a group to Egypt.
All of a sudden,
Egypt is popular.
it's this person
and that person are
taking groups to Egypt.
What I'm afraid
they're not doing
is taking time in
these ancient sites
to step into the
ancient energy of what
was intended in that
culture and to utilize it
for the growth of the
individuals in the group
so that can affect more people.
So what I'm learning from other
people going on certain tours
is that each day
is packed with--
well, first, we're going
to go to this temple.
And then we're going
to go to this site.
But there's no time taken
to immerse in that energy
and understand, what did
the ancients wish for--
what's the wisdom of the
ancient dynasties of Egypt?
And so we can't just
rush to each temple.
And, oh, I see this.
I see that.
It's, so how is
this affecting me?
And that was the goal
of these two tours.
And I found that this year--
I'd never been to
Egypt before last year.
I found that this year I was
having more deep experiences,
I think partly because I'd been
there before just last year.
And it's almost like I was
more comfortable in the energy
and the guides were
downloading for me as well as
for others in the group.
>>REGINA: So let's focus in
on some of the deeper insights
you had because many of the
people I've interviewed,
certainly people I was
surrounded with in Sedona,
we recognized each other
from Egyptian times.
Many people are back
from those times.
Some of them were in
the priestly class.
the royal classes.
Some of them were in
neither and were more
in service classes of the day.
And each brings a different
perspective to it.
So let's dive into your own
experience and your own insights
first.
>>BACKMAN: Well, I'll
share what happened,
which I was unsuspecting.
But I think it's a
classic analogy of what we
have to be doing in our life.
So this year, our group
had a two-hour private time
in the King's Chamber
in the Great Pyramid.
And getting into
the Great Pyramid,
For Anyone who's been there
or who hasn't been there,
the shaft to get all the
way into the King's Chamber
is challenging,
especially as a person--
I'm not 30, 40, or 50 anymore.
And I was bound and
determined, as my husband was.
He was with me.
>>REGINA: And he had
to fold himself up
because he's a tall man.
You're sweet girl.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And we were concerned.
But both the
co-leader and others
said they would make
sure and help us.
But my husband and I
were both determined
we would make our way
into the King's Chamber.
And believe it or not, without
any assistance, both of us
made it in.
But the point, Regina, was
almost like determination.
It's sort of like I could
feel my guide saying,
you need to be there with
the whole group this time.
No, you-- yeah, you
need to be there.
So I managed.
Actually, it was somewhat
easier than I thought.
>>REGINA: Do you go on
your belly and elbows?
>>BACKMAN: No, it's a kind of a
squatting sort of a situation.
>>REGINA: Scootching
along in a squat?
>>BACKMAN: Even though the--
>>REGINA: So you have
to have decent knees.
>>BACKMAN: You have to
have decent knees, yes.
But you could always have a
person on either side of you
if you needed that.
Nonetheless, I made
it in on my own steam.
And then you come in
to where the mummy
of that particular pharaoh is
no longer in the sarcophagus.
But you come into this large
cathedral ceilinged stone
chamber, where the
energy is amazing.
And so the group came in.
We all sat down around
the sarcophagus.
My colleague began to teach.
My colleague is an
interplanetary soul.
I'm an Earth-based soul.
So my colleague began to teach.
She is one of the more tapped
in people that I've ever
come into contact with.
At times, I have to ask
her to translate her terms.
But she began to teach.
And then we just
bounced off each other.
She spoke.
I spoke.
But as I was in the chamber,
and because I understand
from regression about the
purpose of Earth-based souls,
interplanetary souls,
and angelic souls,
my guides began to speak to me.
And they began to
explain why I was--
I wasn't literally arm
in arm with my colleague.
But it felt that way as
we talked back and forth.
And they began to
talk to me about what
they feel is lacking
currently on the planet
and how the guides of Earth,
how they intend to impact Earth.
And they began to
talk about the need
for more interplanetary
souls and more angelic souls
coming into body on
Earth because these are
advanced souls of great wisdom.
And these are usually
ancient souls that
have been around a long time.
So they began to talk to
me about how many would
come through the birth process,
how many of these souls
would be walk-ins.
They began to describe
the walk-in process to me.
And again, after
coming home, I felt
like this information needed to
be spread in a broader manner.
>>REGINA: Oh, I was
excited to hear about it.
So we'll get into
that more deeply.
Now, what did your
IP colleague have
to share while she
was in there, as you
were going back and forth?
What was her piece of it?
>>BACKMAN: Well, my
IP colleague, my IP--
>>REGINA: Interplanetary, just
for anyone that doesn't already
know the terms.
And we're going to
get more into it.
>>BACKMAN: Good.
And maybe just for people--
so we say this.
The term interplanetary
was given to me
years ago in regression.
It's the same as ET.
It's the same as starseed.
Those all mean the same, just
so people comprehend that.
My interplanetary colleague has
had more than one incarnation
in Egypt.
And Egypt in those
times is a unique time
when souls could materialize
in an adult body.
And souls could dematerialize
from an adult body.
I've known for years
that that no longer
happens, that it's
simply energetically
that doesn't occur anymore.
But she has been there
many, many times.
She knows of her connection
with various pharaohs
and the role she played.
And she just slips right
into those memories.
So she's sharing the memories
and the wisdom that in some ways
is not lost permanently.
But we've lost from conscious
and tapping into it.
And then I, being
the Earth based-soul,
often ground it for the
group so they understand
what she's explaining.
And so we're a little bit of a
dog and pony show, if you will.
>>REGINA: Yeah, no,
it's a nice complement.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah, it's
a beautiful complement.
So I sort of play the
role of, let's put this
into literal understanding
of right now.
>>REGINA: Now, before
we go into that,
what's striking me is this.
People go to Egypt
oftentimes because they
want to re-experience
the frequencies.
One well-known person has
privately assessed that they
thought the pyramids were--
the Great Pyramid was
closer to 100,000 years old.
Now, in the hermetic texts,
they believe it's about closer
to 85,000 years old.
This would be concurrent
with the Atlantean culture
of the day.
And the people had
access to both places.
So knowledge was being shared
between Atlantis and Egypt,
right?
But what I'm wondering is this.
If that's true and the
date is that far back,
we can't conceive what
the original purpose was.
We can only feel it, right?
And so when we go there now,
is enough of that frequency
still intact?
Because the frequencies have
changed over the last 100,000
years.
Is enough of it there that you
can still really tap in deeply?
>>BACKMAN: Well, I think
there's the hard part
that you're talking about.
So if we look at, we might
say, left brain history,
left brain history says that
the first Egyptian dynasty began
somewhere between
3,000 and 2,600 BCE.
>>REGINA: No.
>>BACKMAN: Well,
I think the no--
and I think that's where
it becomes complicated-- is
the knowledge, the wisdom
has existed for perhaps long
before the pyramids were built.
So the knowledge and wisdom
of that era of time
existed for a long time.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: I would hazard to say
the frequencies are available.
But when we go there, we have
to be willing to open ourselves
to the frequencies.
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm wondering,
if your just rushing through,
taking snapshots, lying
down in the sarcophagus,
and say, wow, that was cool,
you're missing it.
>>BACKMAN: I think that's what
happens with some people on some
of their trips to Egypt.
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK.
So now, let's get further
into what you were shown
and the way this is going
to manifest into our future,
with more of the IP souls
and angelic souls coming in
to help us through this really
critical period of history.
>>BACKMAN: Well,
I think the point
is that a lot of people--
it's partly why I do
regression-- that
a lot of people
don't understand who they
are at the soul level.
And it's not to say it's easy
to be an Earth-based soul
because it isn't always easy.
But there are more and more
interplanetary and angelic souls
coming into body on Earth.
But they know they're different.
Or you or we, however I want to
put that, know they're different
and don't understand
their unique challenges,
don't understand
their dietary issues,
their physiological
issues or information
they receive that
they think is strange
or they don't know why
they get these odd dreams
or odd downloads.
And so the point is
helping those people who
come IP souls in body,
angelic realm souls in body,
helping them understand
themselves, accept themselves,
and know what their
purpose is, know
why they are the way they are.
Because IPs and angelic--
what I call ARs,
Angelic Realm souls--
they know they're unique
and don't fit as easily
into our human culture.
>>REGINA: I mean,
obviously that's part
of why you incarnated, is to be
able to help them process this
and understand their
role in the world
but also identify others who
have been around for a while.
I mean, I'm one of those IPs
who's been around forever--
a long tour of duty here--
to help also help
people understand
what those feelings
are, what it feels like,
and to be OK with certain
things because you don't ever
fit in exactly the
same way and EB does.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
And it requires parents,
friends, family members,
grandparents, neighbors not
misinterpreting or judging
that person--
IP, AR-- why they
are the way they are.
And I find that's
part of the problem,
is that we mislabel those,
especially children.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
You're always on
the outside bet.
I mean, I can take my own
experience growing up,
which was when my father
first got to know me--
by the time I was one and
walking, his name for me
was Wagon Wheel.
That was his nickname.
And the reason was because
he said, I don't know why,
but it's like you
already knew everything.
And he said, you were like
an old wagon wheel who
had seen that road many times.
So he called me Wagon Wheel.
But the functional reality
was that I didn't fit in,
I will not participate in
class, won't raise a hand,
just always feeling invisible.
But I was OK with it.
Yeah, they didn't
think it was OK.
And I'm saying
this because I know
there are a lot of other people
like me out there listening
to this, where you don't
want to participate.
You don't even want to be seen.
And in fact, the
notion of invisibility
feels very comfortable.
>>BACKMAN: Well,
I think-- and I'm
going to leave names out here.
But I think we have people
on this planet, leaders
on this planet that at
times are labeled as,
why is that person not tuned in?
Why is that person
seeming not to recognize
someone or something?
Because that person has the
ability to tap into what
I might call downloads.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>BACKMAN: I recently watched--
again, I'll leave labels out--
watched a limited
series, a story
about two Black young people
striving to get into college.
But one had incredible gifts
from a music standpoint.
But because we put
down certain cultures,
there was the pressure
for this young man, who
was musically capable, to play
sports and get into a university
in order to play sports.
>>REGINA: That's a good
analogy for what this is.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And so we have to
work to be more
accepting of people that don't,
what I say, fit into a box.
And so your father saw
you as the wagon wheel.
But other people probably
saw you as, well,
why doesn't she want to do this?
Or why doesn't she
want to do that?
>>REGINA: Is she weird.
Why doesn't she speak up.
But I was always watching.
I watched everybody
and everything.
So I was always observing
how people behaved
and what was going on even when
I was four or five years old.
I was curious about
how people behaved.
Still am.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
Well, I mean, it
makes me think about--
and I'm not an IP or an AR.
As I've said, I'm
an Earth-based soul.
But I have a cousin
who says to me--
a cousin who's like four
years older than I am.
And he says to me, when
I knew you growing up,
you were like mute.
And I wasn't literally mute.
It's not like I didn't speak.
But he said, your
personality didn't show.
You were kind of under yourself.
And my sense
knowing myself today
is that I also was an observer.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: And I also
think that I wasn't
conscious of knowing things.
But I think I just
didn't quite want
to step into the mainstream.
>>REGINA: Right.
No, I understand that.
So now, as many more--
a higher percentage of IP
and angelic-realm souls--
are moving into physical form--
we've touched on this before
in a previous interview.
They're often being labeled
as dysfunctional in some way,
particularly on the spectrum.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
And let's also talk
about how they're
going to come in because I was
getting downloads about some
coming in through the
birth process and some
not coming in through
the birth process.
So yes, it's like--
I don't want to say sadly
because it isn't sad
if the greater population
wouldn't see it as sad.
But some of these IPs
and ARs are being labeled
on the autistic spectrum.
Why?
They haven't been
in body many times.
They're being labeled
as learning challenges.
Again, why?
Because they learn differently.
There's nothing wrong with them.
>>REGINA: They can
learn through osmosis.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: It's a whole
different way of learning.
>>BACKMAN: Totally.
>>REGINA: They don't need to
open up a book or watch a video.
They can simply be in
the presence of something
and begin absorbing many
of them-- not all but many.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And they learn-- their
perceptual abilities
are different.
But we as humans, and especially
in certain countries where we're
more narrow-- and I
think the United States
is like this-- where we
expect people to almost look
a bit like clones of each other.
And that's not going to
serve humanity's advancement
to expect, in this
case, young people,
to look like clones
of each other.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And then you have Ra, who
created the Human Design System
and Richard Rudd carrying
it on and refining it
and others saying 2026 in
particular is going to be even.
Christopher Bledsoe, who
talks with "The Lady"--
"The Lady" has come
to him many times,
who is from another
realm, another planet.
And 2026 seems to
be a year where
it's going to become very clear
that humanity has changed,
that we're going to
foundationally, fundamentally
be different, a different kind
of species as human beings.
And I keep thinking back
to you and thinking,
I think it's
because so many more
beings from these
other dimensions
are going to be inhabiting
the physical body.
Societies, the way people
think and relate to each other,
is going to be very different.
I mean, I try to
imagine things like,
if you're from a non-physical
realm, like myself,
and you're here in a physical
body for the first time,
how would you even relate
to something like partnering
up and having sex
with another person?
How does that even work?
And we're going to
be starting to see
more and more of these kinds
of questions and challenges,
I think.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
And as I piece what I've learned
over the years of guiding IP
clients is that the variety
of unique qualities of IPs
is broader than we can even
imagine because IPs come
from so many different places.
You speak of not coming
from a dense location.
That's common.
But then there are IPs
that operate on spacecraft.
And their level of technological
knowledge is off the charts.
>>REGINA: And also,
in terms of society,
they've been able to
procreate through other means.
They're procreating
technologically.
That's going to be
seeded on this planet.
So I mean, we have
a very exciting time
ahead but a lot of
adjustments necessary.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
But what we have-- and
this is one of the pieces
I thought was so
important to talk
about-- is that more IPs
are going to be coming in.
And we'll start with talking
about mostly through the birth
process.
And so moms and dads and
grandmas and grandpas
and siblings and
teachers and whoever else
are going to have to loosen
their expectations of,
oh, you need to learn your
ABCs from A to Z or your colors
by the time you're
four or whatever.
And that may not be--
>>REGINA: No, we're going to
talk about the walk-in process
because that's very
disconcerting for family
members.
Now, I want to back up.
Let's go macro a bit more.
So now, we're talking
about many people that
are on this planet,
a number, are also
involved in higher realms,
councils that oversee, how do we
want to help the
process of evolution
at this period of time?
And there are interplanetary
beings on these councils.
All three groups are
on these councils.
Tell us about them.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah, I think this
is a wonderfully and key concept
that we as people
interested in spirituality
need to think about.
So the first step with
that is understanding
that we have a higher self.
And for people that are
willing to tap in and live
their lives this
way, we need to know
our higher self
because our higher
self is one of our guides.
If something changes with the
roles and responsibilities
of our higher self
in the higher realm,
if our role changes at,
what I call, the HS level,
the Higher Self level,
then something's
going to change for us at the
human level and then vice versa.
If I decide I'm going
to write a new book
or I'm going to teach
a new course or I
want to work with
different kinds of clients,
as I make that change,
that's going to be reflected
in my own higher self and
what I'll call it she--
my higher self
doesn't have gender--
but what she is doing
in the higher realm.
So when we're souls in
body, we have a higher self.
And that higher self has
coordination responsibilities
in the spiritual realm.
A lot of people don't
think about that.
That's one of our
guides, our higher self.
So what I know,
again, from regression
is that higher selves have
experienced Earth-based souls
serve on what we could call
a council or a parliament
to do coordination work with
how these EB higher selves will
do their best to guide Earth.
How can they impact Earth?
Then the angelic realm
has a high council.
The IPs have a high council.
The angelic high council is
coordinated by the archangels.
And primarily, the
archangels have a slight bit
of a pecking order, Michael
being the lead archangel.
The Michael archangel soul
continues to incarnate
and has for an
extremely long time.
So the high council
of the angelic realm
is basically helping our culture
have more love, compassion,
non-judgment because the
angelic souls serve source.
And they serve the broad love,
acceptance, and compassion--
>>REGINA: Directive of love
throughout the universe.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yes.
The IPs are more complicated
in a way because the IP high
council is made up--
it's a little bit like--
I hate to use this example but
the US House of Representatives.
So the IP council
is made up of souls
from innumerable locations
in the broad celestial realm.
And those locations have to be
willing to want to help humanity
because the IP council attempts
to serve in all the ways they
can come up with-- to serve
the expansion of Earth.
So the IP council has
experienced Earth-based souls
and experienced IP souls
and is coordinated--
the facilitator of
that council changes.
One of the souls that has led
that council many, many times
is the soul known as Maitreya.
One of the oldest,
if not the oldest,
most experienced
Earth-based souls
that hasn't incarnated since
about the Third Dynasty in Egypt
or where the oldest
pyramid is in Egypt,
when Djoser was the pharaoh.
So these councils do what
they can in the higher realm,
essentially, to guide us--
to guide EBs, IPS, and ARs--
so that hopefully Earth
makes steps forward.
>>REGINA: So it's really
critical too that--
because that's a higher
mind aspect of beings
here, that they're able to
translate that information
through to the conscious
mind of their host
recipient, physical person,
avatar on the planet
so that you can be of service.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: And so there's
that translation process.
And I would assume
that must be part
of the determining factor
of who is able to serve
on those councils.
There has to be some
enough awareness
to translate between
higher mind and lower mind.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
I mean, that's the
purpose of those councils,
is to bring the higher
wisdom to Earth.
What I know about
the IP locations is
that the coordinators of each
IP location has to decide,
are they even interested
in sending a representative
to the IP council?
Do they even care
about Earth's progress.
But what I often say to
clients is, especially
when clients start
talking about-- there
is no time, that everything
is happening all at once.
And I say that is
not true on Earth.
On Earth, we are functioning--
>>REGINA: We are subject
to gravity and time.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly, exactly.
And that's the only way we
will evolve, is in real time.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>BACKMAN: So there
are some IP locations
that may have been
requested to consider
sending a representative.
But perhaps they're not ready.
Or perhaps they're
not interested.
But the wisdom of IP
locations is vast.
And I think that's where
there's confusion about dates,
is that the wisdom has existed
long before we probably--
>>REGINA: From the beginning.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, let's talk about this
somewhat problematic notion
of coming as an IP
or angelic walk-in
into an already developed body
that has its own soul force.
And it's a very
interesting process.
And honestly, my soul group
says this has actually
been very rare in the past.
It doesn't happen as
often as people claim.
But when it does, it is profound
and profoundly disturbing
oftentimes to the
people around them.
Tell us the story so we can
start recognizing because it's
going to be happening more.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And so let's talk about,
what does that mean?
What is a walk-in?
And I also want
to separate apart
walk-ins for IPs
versus walk-ins for ARs
because there's a difference.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>BACKMAN: So a walk-in simply--
just so listeners understand
this, a walk-in means that--
obviously when
we're born and we're
viable outside of
the womb, we have
a soul that animates our
body, not a 100% of that soul.
Or that would blow the
circuits of the human body.
So we have--
>>REGINA: It's got its
tendril down there.
>>BACKMAN: --a holographic
portion of soul energy.
So when we're born, that's what
causes us to live and breathe.
If a walk-in is
going to happen--
and this is all decided
at the soul level--
it means the original
animating soul of that human,
that person steps
out of the body.
And a different
animating soul steps in.
It's always decided
first at the soul level.
What I've learned recently is
that these IP walk-ins that are
coming, because source
wishes for there to be more,
are going to be where an--
I am not a walk in, but to
use myself as an example--
where my higher self
as an EB is going
to be asked if my soul
is willing to step out
and an IP soul
take over my body.
So there's always agreement.
And this will be
happening for what
were EB-animated humans
will be IP-animated.
It's not going to happen
in large numbers in regard
to walk-ins.
Because as you just said,
it's a very challenging--
>>REGINA: Very,
very challenging,
complex topic where
literally the family--
the person wakes up, they don't
have the same preferences.
What?
They have the body memory.
But they don't have
the memory of a lot
of what their previous entity
has done, experience, prefers.
And can you imagine?
It's like having
amnesia to the family.
Like, wow, what
happened to them?
Yeah.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
So people understand-- I'm
actually currently working with
a client who--
we are both sure
she is a walk-in.
So there will be a value in
the case of this individual.
As an EB before
she became an IP,
she was struggling with all
kinds of issues in her life.
The walk-in occurred.
Her attitude, her perspective--
I mean, granted, things
changed with lack of memory,
as you're saying.
Food preferences and that
kind of thing changed.
But she became a much more
centered, focused, happy--
>>REGINA: Purposeful probably.
>>BACKMAN: Yes, exactly.
So it's not going to
happen for many people
nor do I want listeners
to be scared that it's
going to happen to them.
There's always guidance.
And so any IP that
comes in as a walk-in
is an IP that has
already had Earth lives.
So that IP already
has Earth experience.
That's the reason
there will be few,
if any, as I'm told-- that there
will be few, if any, ARs coming
in through the walk-in
process because there are way
fewer angelic realm souls that
have been in body on Earth.
>>REGINA: So they'll come
through the normal birth
process.
>>BACKMAN: They come through
the-- because it's just simply--
>>REGINA: There,
you open your eyes.
There's your little angel.
>>BACKMAN: That's right.
That's right.
>>REGINA: So this is
an interesting story.
Someone I knew very well.
And they were actually
speaking with my soul group.
And they said, well, you are one
of those very rare beings that
actually is what
they call a walk-in.
And what had happened was, as
the soul hovers and stays close
to the developing fetus in the
body, familiarizing itself,
and putting its imprints
in, at the last minute,
another familial and
familiar soul at birth
muscled him out
and took the body.
That body drowned at
three, but was recovered.
And this one was able to
then come into the body.
That one stepped aside
because it was not right.
He wasn't the one that
had constructed all of it.
It was the other one.
So the original person that
was with the developing fetus
then took the body as it
was supposed to have been.
But a lot of those one- to
three-year-old connections
never happened.
There's a trade-off
for everything here.
And I thought that was
a fascinating story.
Just thinking a soul could
just muscle in at birth, just--
you know?
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
Well, I mean, my sense is
that it's extremely rare.
>>REGINA: Very rare.
They said this was very rare.
But I'm always one fascinated
by the rare and unusual
and how these
things are possible.
So at least we
know now that this
will be happening in greater
numbers but not great numbers
by any means.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
Exactly.
Our planet is about
95% Earth-based souls.
And I don't think that
will shift dramatically.
>>REGINA: Right.
So anything that the families--
we only have a few minutes left.
This flew.
Anything we need to know as
parents, grandparents, friends,
sisters, brothers when we
start to recognize when
we have a new AR soul or IP soul
here that might be struggling
a bit to help them, to recognize
them, to be of service to them
in any way?
>>BACKMAN: I'll focus
just very briefly
and answer that both
personally and professionally.
We happen to have a grandson
who actually is an EB.
But he has a lot
of IP experience.
And he's about to
graduate from high school.
And he had to be understood.
He had to have extra help
in focusing his learning.
There's not a thing
wrong with him.
He's perfectly capable.
And I said this earlier.
We have to stop putting
people in boxes.
And I think we
have to fit a mold.
We have to look a certain way.
We have to live our
life a certain way
and accept that a lot
of these children that
are going to be showing
up on our planet--
>>REGINA: Helping us to
become the new human.
>>BACKMAN: That's right.
And accept their uniqueness,
and look for their gifts.
Don't look where they don't--
>>REGINA: For dysfunction.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>BACKMAN: But look for what
are their gifts and skills
because they're
going to have them.
>>REGINA: Wonderful.
Now, you have a new
book called Soul Design.
You have a new
course, Soul design.
Just give us a
really brief overview
of what that's about
before we say goodbye.
>>BACKMAN: Well, that was
downloaded to me to help
understand us--
I came up with a
couple of terms.
Soul essence psychology
means look at your life
now but look at who
you are as a soul.
So soul design means,
what are your past lives?
Are you EB, IP, or AR?
What's your life purpose?
What's your archetype?
Understand who you are as
a soul and why you're here.
And so my book and
this new course
is all about going deep into
the uniqueness of why we're here
and that we're a soul with
important reason to be here.
>>REGINA: Wonderful.
Your work is so important
right now, Linda,
because this is a very
confusing time for humanity.
And we need people to help
us understand who we are.
So thank you so much
for everything you do
and for being here again.
And I'm sure I'll be seeing
you back before too long.
>>BACKMAN: Thank you.
My pleasure.
>>REGINA: There's so much
more to explore here.
You can find at
ravenheartcenter.com books,
courses, excursions, and more.
If you'd like to learn
more about Linda's work,
you can also watch my
previous interviews
with her here in
the Gaia archives.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]